---
title:  "Wedding"
subtitle: "Our Story"
author: "John"
avatar: "img/authors/john.jpg"
image: "img/wedding/universe.jpg"
date:   2017-07-09 12:12:12
---

```
We Almost Collided. Almost.
We were just stars at
the edges of neighboring galaxies,
just about to collide,
but passed by each other
never touching,
yet feeling the stardust
in each others' wake.
-Nikita Gill
```

_Passing by each other in the San Francisco Bay Area..._

John returns stateside from overseas in 1999 and finds himself temporarily in a small city called Pleasanton. As he always appreciated institutions of higher learning, eventually moves to Berkeley once he starts working in Biotech by year end. (Insert pic of John or relevance around this time)

Jamie was born and raised in Pleasanton and made her way to Berkeley for undergrad studies in Biology in the late 1990s (Jaime fine tune year; use final year she was in Berkeley; insert pic of Jamie relevance around this time)

_How many opportunities of almost touching..._

They both leave Berkeley, Jamie pursues entrepreneurship and cultivates her inner creativity by starting her own business while John works on building his career ladder in the corporate world, but they stay in the SF Bay Area. (insert pic of Jamie's business days and John "not" climbing the career ladder)

_Maybe more stardust needed to be released before the discovery..._

Jamie has now left the SF Bay Area for a few years and finds herself in Texas working in software development while John has moved over a dozen times in the SF Bay Area and has started his own business and networks in software startups. (Insert pic of Jamie's boot camp/software/CO/TX and John's business/startups)

_Finally colliding, as each others' wake pulls gravitationally instead of pushing..._

Over a decade and a half later and even more space and time (almost 2000 miles apart and a couple time zones), it only took 8 words "Hello, Any new travels planned this year? -Jamie"
Finally we found each other at the War Memorial Opera House in San Francisco with a viewing of Frankenstein Ballet for Jamie's birthday. (insert selfies pic from box seats)

_Neighboring galaxies of Texas and California but in our own ways, we are good space travelers..._

Partners in Life, Jamie Spring and John Shon Kawahara, July 3rd, 2017. Jamie and John have made SF Bay Area home and enjoy meals out and day excursions at the places we almost met! (insert pics of SF Bay Area, Dallas trips, SV home; also insert a prosperity mantra)
